One-click remediation documentation (#24722)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/code_analysis/github_pull_requests.md

## Overview

Code Analysis integrates with GitHub pull requests in two ways:

> - [Pull request comments to flag violations][7]: During code reviews on GitHub, Datadog can automatically check for Static Analysis violations in pull requests for repos that have at least one ruleset applied. Violations are flagged with an in-line review comment on the relevant line(s) of code, along with suggested fixes (when applicable) that can be applied directly in the pull request. This is only available for Static Analysis (SAST).

Reviewer: I would think `inline` fits better here rather than `in-line` (which has a different meaning imo), but I could be wrong.

```suggestion
- [Pull request comments to flag violations][7]: During code reviews on GitHub, Datadog can automatically check for Static Analysis violations in pull requests for repos that have at least one ruleset applied. Violations are flagged with an inline review comment on the relevant line(s) of code, along with suggested fixes (when applicable) that can be applied directly in the pull request. This is only available for Static Analysis (SAST).
```

{{< img src="ci/static-analysis-pr-comment-example.png" alt="Example of a Code Analysis comment on a pull request" style="width:90%;" >}}

> - [Open a pull request to fix an issue directly from Datadog][8]: From the Datadog UI, you can create a pull request to fix a security vulnerability or code quality issue based on Datadog's suggested code fix. This is only available for Static Analysis (SAST).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Open a pull request to fix an issue directly from Datadog][8]: You can create a pull request from the UI to fix a security vulnerability or code quality issue based on Datadog's suggested code fix. This is only available for Static Analysis (SAST).
```

{{< img src="ci/sast_one_click_light.png" alt="Example of one-click remediation for Code Analysis" style="width:90%;" >}}

> See setup instructions below to on how to enable these features, as well as ensure you have the required GitHub permissions to do so.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable these features, ensure you have the required GitHub permissions to do so.
```

**Note:** If you are using [GitHub Actions][6] to run your scans, trigger the action on `push` in order for comments to appear.

### Fixing a vulnerability directly from Datadog 

> If the **Pull Requests** permission for your GitHub app is set to **Read & Write**, one-click remediation will be available for all Static Analysis findings where a suggested fix is available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If your GitHub app's **Pull Requests** permission is set to **Read & Write**, one-click remediation is enabled for all Static Analysis findings with an available suggested fix.
```

> To fix a vulnerability by opening a pull request:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix a vulnerability by opening a pull request, follow these steps:
```

1. View a specific result in Code Analysis.
2. Click **Fix Violation** in the side panel of the result. 
3. Select **Open a Pull Request**.
4. Enter a pull request title and commit message.
5. Click **Create PR**.

> You can also fix a vulnerability by committing directly to the branch the result was found on. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also fix a vulnerability by committing directly to the branch the result was found on. 

To commit a suggested fix:

1. View a specific result in Code Analysis.
2. Click **Fix Violation** in the side panel of the result.
3. Click **Commit to current branch**.
```

[4]: https://app.datadoghq.com/ci/settings/static-analysis
[5]: https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations/github/configuration
[6]: /code_analysis/static_analysis/github_actions/

> [7]: /code_analysis/github_pull_requests#enable-code-analysis-pr-comments-for-your-repositories
> [8]: /code_analysis/github_pull_requests#fixing-a-vulnerability-directly-from-datadog

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
